  Q. Why do I sometimes see yellow arrows, swords, or waiting signs on 
     certain monsters and not others?

  A. If you see those symbols on a monster it means that monster has a lower
     COMBAT score than you do. You are basically seeing the monster's 
     intended next move. 

     Since you know what the weaker monsters are going to do next, you can
     choose your action (move, swing sword, cast spell, or do nothing) 
     carefully, taking advantage of this insight.

     You also get to act before any weaker monster gets to act. This gives 
     you a double advantage over weaker enemies. 

     Of course, the opposite is also true: you can't see a stronger 
     monster's intended next move, and a stronger monster will always get 
     to act before you get to act.
END
  Q. I don't get combat, what decides if my sword hits an enemy or not?

  A. This game is turn-based but does not rely on random numbers or dice 
     rolls to resolve combat. 

     If an enemy is within a sword's strike range (the 4 adjacent squares 
     in all cardinal directions: N, S, E, W, but not diagonally) then you 
     will always hit them. This is true when a monster attacks you as well.

     You need to be strategic when fighting, taking advantage of your 
     ability to "read" a weaker opponent's next move.

     As far as stronger monsters go, the best advice is to avoid them 
     until your COMBAT score increases high enough.
END
  Q. How many levels are there? How do I win this game?

     There are a total of 8 levels, each one increasing in size, number of
     monsters roaming around, and number of keys to collect.

     Each level has an EXIT which is initially locked. To unlock the EXIT,
     you have to collect a certain number of keys, and slay a certain 
     number of monsters.

     All you need to do is get ONE member of your party through the EXIT 
     on level 8 to "win" the game, though you will be given a SCORE
     whenever your game ends, regardless of what level you are currently on.

     The score is calculated as follows:

           (# monsters slain + # keys collected) x (dungeon level)

     If you were to collect every key and kill every monster in the game, 
     as well as make it to the level 8 EXIT, your score would be:

           3872 (a perfect score)
END
  Q. One of my characters is trapped in a section of the dungeon and I have
     no way of reaching him. Is that it? Do I have to start the game over?

  A. Its possible to have no characters left that have a Crumble Wall
     spell, and thus no way to get out of a section of the dungeon that is
     cut off from the main section (where the EXIT square is.)

     Because of this, there is a "self destruct" button you can press as an
     action for that character who is trapped. That character will instantly
     die:

              Press (i) to instantly kill a player who is trapped

     You will be prompted with a 'Please Confirm' message to prevent 
     killing off one of your party members accidentally!
END
  Q. The blinking yellow text is annoying. I feel like I'm using one of 
     those old American Airlines ticket-reservation computer terminals from
     the 1970s.

  A. That's there mostly to help out new players. I felt that without it, 
     it wasn't clear what gameplay options you had available at any given 
     time.

     But I agree, it gets annoying after a while. Press 'B' while playing to
     turn the blinking text feature on or off.
END
  Q. Is this the full game? There's not a lot of content here.

  A. I have a long list of features and new gameplay elements I would love 
     to include in a second version of this game!

     If you'd like to show your support you can go to the game's website:



                      http://monstrosity.fireheadfred.com                    

    









 
     Thanks very much for playing!
FINAL_END
